Because we are looking ahead and seeing exactly how all of these pieces of the user interface are going
to be laid out.
We understand that we have at the top here the image, which is this one, it doesn't look that great
yet, but we'll get there.
Then we have the names actually.
Before that, we have this divider and then we have names and all this information.
So how do we lay things out as such, right?
Because this is a vertical layout, if you will.
Well, we can do that by using a column.
So a column is yet another composable function that allows us to lay things out vertically.
So what we need to do is inside of our card before we start putting together a surface and so forth.
We're going to do this.
We are going to add a column of, say, column start typing column like such an overlap.
So this column here we can pass, of course, modifiers and other properties parameters that will modify
or will know how to layout this column or the contents of this column.
So what do we need to do next is get all of this information here.
Our surface, which is at this point, the image and cut that we're put inside of his column.
Now we have that problem there.
That's OK.
We'll get there.
So what do we want to make sure that happen?
Is that his column, we can modify it or we can make it so that he knows exactly how to lay its children
out.
So what are the children of this column?
Well, in this case, we just have one child.
Well, actually three two, that is surface.
And then we have the image.
But are we going to have other things here?
So instead of our column here, we're going to pass another modifier modifier such and then I'm going
to say that I want the height total height of all of this contents inside here of about 300 db.
OK.
That's very good.
And the other thing I want to do notice I'm outside the modifier now.
This is a different property.
I'm going to be passing.
There's a property called vertical arrangement.
This is very important because we can specify how do we want these items inside of his column to be
arranged vertically?
Right?
So when I say arrange ment like this and we have a few options, well, we want from top to bottom.
OK, that's fine.
But there's another one, too, which is horizontally.
How do we want all of these items inside here to be indeed laid out?
And when, say, horizontally, I want all these items to be aligned, say our alignment center horizontally,
like so in the middle, but horizontally center.
OK, let's see.
Let's build and refresh.
And the moment you do that, something happens.
Everything changes all the difficulties we're having, which meant we were having this whole profile
picture, taking the entire view.
Now, it no longer does that because we wrapped it inside of a column.
So we are now saying, well, whatever we have inside of this surface, which in this case is the image,
it's going to take mainly the parents arrangements, if you will, of how to be displayed inside of
itself.
And I can see that solving a problem because it no longer is outside by its own.
It's inside of a column and we've arranged things to be laid out.
How they will be laid out inside of his column might really good.
OK, so this is exactly what we want.
In fact, if I show you here side by side, you can see it is indeed what we want.
All right.
So next up is let's go ahead and see if we can add this divider here.
How do we do that?
Well, before we move forward, there's another concept I need to show you real quick here.
OK?
And again, we will go into details at a later time.
This is just for us to get situated with compose.
The process is very simple.
Sure, everything is working fine.
We're able to see default previews and everything is great.
But you notice that our code is starting to get a little bit cramped together, right?
It's always a good way of coding.
If we can create pieces of user interfaces that can then be called so that they are a little bit independent,
which means we can actually remove this entire surface here, right?
Which in this case contain this image outside here.
Right that way, it's its own entity.
In fact, if you look here, let me go ahead and minimize this a little bit.
We have our surface here.
What I can do is I'm gonna go ahead and select all of this.
Let's right click.
I'm going to go to refactor.
I'm going to go to a function to create its own function, and it's analyzing everything.
And now what I'm going to do, I'm going to name this whole function right, because it's going to extract
this into a different function, a composable, as you see there.
So I'm going to call this this call.
This create image profile like this hit enter and just like magic.
Notice now it's just calling create image profile there, and the composable is outside here on its
own.
All right.
They have it in.
So if we go ahead and of course, building refresh again, nothing will have changed in terms of what
we see.
But we know that we have compartmentalize our code a little bit.
As you see, everything is still the same, but again, the code is a little bit different in that we
have compromise our code.
We created a different piece.
Different composable function that sits on its own and can be called upon as you see there.
OK, and anything we can do, we can also obviously parse parameters to these create image profile so
we can make this image profile more independent per se more customizable, one of which is to pass the
modifiers and let's say modifier like that going to make it a modifier.
Now, if I leave it as it is right now, notice is going to have a problem because it going to say we
need to pass them under fire for an order for this to work.
But we can also say that, you know what, we are not going to require this modifier to be passed along,
meaning if we want to call create image profile, it's an option to add a modifier.
How do we do that to make it an optional, which I say is equal to modifier like this?
The moment you do that notice we can call create image profile.
We can obviously pass a modifier five over can see, says Modifier.
It's an option to pass it as a parameter, but it's not required.
All right.
So that means that if indeed something is passed along, what we can do, we can use that modifier variable
parameter and invoke inside our surface or anywhere else that's needed inside here.
But for now, we're just going to keep it as a race because that's not the idea of showing you this,
but just to get you thinking a little bit about what can be done.
All right, there we go.
So again, nothing really will change if I refresh everything, and that's always a good news.
OK, what is next there?
We want to do next.
We want to add this divider here.
Very good.
How do we do this?
You may ask.
Well, it's very simple.
So right below there, I'm going to just say something like, yes, there is a composable I can call
call divider.
Look at that.
And the divider, if you hit enter, there it is.
If you have over again, like any other composable that comes with jetpack compose, we haven't created
this ourselves.
It's just prebuilt for us to use again.
Notice modifier we can pass modifier so we can modify just like any other composer.
Composable, I should say.
All right.
So we can pass the color thickness and start indent.
And he also tells us a divider is a thin line that groups content enlists in layout.
OK.
So if we leave, as is right now, let's go ahead and refresh.
See what's going to happen.
It should have some default values that comes with so we don't have to worry about.
And then if you want to change thickness, you can change the color.
We can do so.
But for now, let's see what's going to happen.
And while I can see there it is, it's very, very, very small.
I'm going to just zoom in, exaggerate things a little bit.
So hopefully you can see.
And there it is.
OK.
It's there.
And there you have it.
All right.
Very good.